Generate OpenAPI code, update package.md and add tests (#2)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-hubspot.marketing.events: examples/marketing_event_management/marketing_event_management.md

# HubSpot Marketing Event Management

> This use case demonstrates how the HubSpot Marketing Events API v3 can be utilized to create, update, cancel and delete events. By utilizing this companies can automate the event creation processes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This use case demonstrates how the `HubSpot Marketing Events` connector can be utilized to create, update, cancel and delete events. By utilizing this companies can automate the event creation processes.
```

Author: done

Reviewer: I don't see most of the changes. Can you please confirm that you have pushed all your changes?
